what? You might be
right, but it's not
about being right. It's
about being prepared to
win. It's about thinking
in the gray so
that you can get
the gains as soon
as they're available. This
is not a black
and white thing. It's
not on and off.
It's progression. It's improvement.
It's iteration. You know
this. You're an engineer.
So hopefully that monologue
was useful for you.
Let's come full circle
here. If you do
all this, if you
ride this curve, if
you even get to
out loop, right? And
you start progressing towards
zero touch engineering, I
promise you, if you
do this right, you
will be the engineer
engineer they can't replace.
Why is that? It's
because you understand and